all right do we do oh it's work that's
uh yes mr. David Monday Night Football
well you can't beat that whoa let's go
legendary David let's make sure we know
they'll be done 3 1 2 3 lbs and we know
at this date tonight we know it this day
and we talked about it's another history
Hey denied
let me tonight hey women's game winning
a playoff do I ask you hey man get me
everything you got Rosie forgive me
let's go
is over recorder hey let's go man let's
go defense come on don't worry about
night let's not give him nothing
yeah
again yeah spin July stays alive rolling
to his right throws to the sideline it
to blink go that's him all right no moon
gets it off in time is going to keep the
ball
no I'm telling you I like it
brian takes up looking looking with all
kinds of time the aggression to the high
knife throws one wide open in the end
zone is gonzalez for a touchdown we're
gonna yeah okay
Bonjour approaches the ball he does
onside it and it's scoot past and it's
gonna be recovered by Atlanta we can't
let us go man we lose this game man
let's your trade magazine your dream
oh man thank you the house alright thank
you for listening to be a part of this
team with seven years now and I
appreciate it through through the baton
and a good time thank you forever man
you know I love a giddy boy hot fireman
I loaded boy hey that's why that's the
way to Stella man sir man that's what
it's telling good job good buddy good
job yeah
hey that's way be touch man you come
through boy I love you good job man and
good job man yeah feel right Thank You
Man man
if I another week